Well, good morning, evening, and afternoon wherever you are.
I guess thank you for joining me tonight. I have some things on my heart to talk to you all about.
It was really cool today; the Lord spoke to me when I was at the sandwich shop getting a turkey sandwich.
The Lord spoke to me when I was in the sandwich shop today with the lady with the pink hair.
So, I'm going to go over that. I'll go over what the Lord showed me in the spirit.
I was sitting there praying like I always do, praying over the people making my food because I don't know who's touching it.
I was just praying over it all, and the Lord opened my eyes in the spirit and I saw some things.
I'll get into that, but we'll go over what we saw yesterday concerning Katy Perry. The Lord has His hand on that.
I saw she's made some very bad choices, and the decision she made was to go down the secular path, but it was a demonic front that was on this lady.
I don't even know how old she is, but the Lord was showing me that there's a pull on her, and we're going to keep praying.
I believe God, and this is what I think is interesting. The Lord showed us Kanye West.
He showed us Justin last night. He showed us Katy Perry. And then who else did He show last night? Oh, and country music.
He said, 'There is about to be something with country music that's going to be a major revival in that arena of music where you would see country music stars really get radical for Jesus in the days ahead, even more than some who are riding the fence a little bit, probably.
But there are some radical ones.'What I'm going to say goes alongside what the Lord showed us last night in prayer.
The wind's blowing—hopefully, that's not a distraction. You can turn that off; that's really loud.
As I was sitting there waiting at the sandwich shop at Jimmy John's, I was praying in the spirit over my food.
I could see the girl's bright pink hair above the counter. I kept looking, praying for her and interceding.
All of a sudden, the Lord opened my eyes and I saw music notes flowing up out of me because I was humming a tune, a song.
These music notes started turning like a whirlwind. As they were going in a whirlwind, I could see the notes and the lines of all the music.
It almost looked like a cartoon vision; the music was dancing.
As I was singing and humming this song, the Lord said, 'Brandon, you're about to see something that we've never seen before concerning music.'He said that it's always been about the devil's crowd and the music they've put out for decades.
Everybody talks about what the secular music industry is putting out, but He said He was reversing the status quo.
The status quo of how the music industry has always been is changing.
He said there is new heavenly music like we've never heard before.
As I was looking in the spirit, He said, 'Brandon, Satan has his own demonic influence over music because that's what he was created for.'He was created for worship.
Lucifer was created with all the music coming up out of him for the worship of the Father.
But he turned to Satan, and of course, as he fell, everything went bad.
But that talent is still on him to bring in worldly music that sucks you in.
A lot of secular music has a pull; it gets you in moods and changes atmospheres.
There's a pull to the music, which is what the Lord was showing me.
But He said, 'As of today, Brandon, there's going to be an even greater pull on Christian music with a divine reversal.'A divine reversal is taking place concerning music with heavenly music and sounds that will draw them in.
As I was humming a tune I'd never heard before—I can't even mimic it now, but it was beautiful—I could hear the sound from the Father humming this tune; it was angelic.
I was mimicking what I was hearing in the spirit. The girl with the pink hair kept peeking over.
I said, 'See how it draws? See how she's looking?'I saw her pink head peeking over the counter.
I was humming—not obnoxiously, just a little hum to myself—but I could feel the anointing pulling.
The Lord said, 'It draws you in, just like music is created to do.'It was a symphony and a melody; it was beautiful.
I could hear heavenly sounds. The Lord told me to mimic this.
I could hear it in the spirit, and as I heard Him humming, I was mimicking that sound.
That young girl with the pink hair kept looking, and I could feel it.
The Lord showed me that the sound coming up out of my spirit was turning and dancing, moving in the atmosphere of the sandwich shop.
Can you make her stop doing that? My little girl is really up to stuff tonight.
Tell her to be still while Daddy's doing this. I'm sorry, folks.
The Lord showed me that the status quo is about to change concerning music.
It went alongside what we saw last night about Katy Perry, Justin, country music artists, and Kanye West—how the devil has had a hold of these people and the Lord is pulling them out of the darkness.
Justin Bieber is born again, but the Lord showed us a fork in the road.
There are major decisions coming concerning his marriage; we are praying over his marriage because one path leads to darkness and the other to greater light.
The Lord said, 'Pray for him. Pray for Justin Bieber.'I want to make sure I say it right because I don't want to butcher somebody's name.
I then saw Kanye with mirrored snow goggles on his head that were like mind control.
It was something with his mind. I saw three demons standing behind him influencing his mind.
It was demonic, a pull on him because he has talent and the enemy knows it.
The enemy will try to derail what God was doing five or six years ago to make him what he is now.
And the Lord said, 'Brennan, there's a call.'"There's a call."The enemy comes immediately, folks.
And people say, "Well, Brandon, is that the one you're trying to tell us to watch out for?"No, it's one with even greater influence than him.
The person that I saw that would come out and start preaching that they got born again and have a universal gospel has more influence than Kanye, Katy, and Justin all combined.
That's how big this person was. And I was like, "Wow,"because I saw the plan, but it was about snaring the young people.
It wasn't—like I said, the Lord told me, "Know those that labor among you.
You're not judging people, but you're watching their fruit and you're not quick to just allow what you know because the young people go, 'Oh my gosh, it's a new Christian celebrity.
Oh, let's follow it.'"And then they get into it and everything looks good for a couple of months, but then everything starts to change and they start preaching there's more than one way to get to the Father other than Jesus Christ.
But I'm telling you, that is blasphemous. There's only one way to the Father and that is Jesus Christ. One way. The Bible makes that very clear.
So the Lord showed me a plan, and in this plan of the demonic to try to snare young people to make them think that there's all kinds of different ways to get to the Father.
That's why it comes out innocent—a spoonful of sugar helps the medicine go down.
But it's not medicine; it's poison. They're going to try to poison you.
But I just want you to know that the enemy has a plan, but God has a greater plan.
And we're going to see a great revival, folks. But He showed me with this great revival will come great music.
It won't just be a revival that's normal, like when we get excited about Hillsong and maybe Kari Jobe or whoever.
There have been some really good ones that have really ministered to me—"The Blessing"and songs like that—but "Oceans"is one of my favorites.
I know what the Lord has shown me about this next revival, and He's telling me it's time for the body of Christ to pray into this for what's about to take place.
Heavenly sounds where the music notes dance out of the spirit, and they draw the people in with an anointing that is going to overthrow the status quo of where it is right now.
The devil's crowd will become God's crowd that's main and center because He's drawing the celebrities that have the talent.
The devil makes them sign their life contracts, saying, "Well, you sell your soul to me and I'll make you rich,"and all the things that he tried to promise me.
If everybody remembers all that, when he comes and presents all this to you and says, "If you follow me, if you worship me, if you do this, I'll give you this,"and they go along the road of that, he totally takes that gift that God gave them and uses it for himself.
But the Lord said, "Brandon, I'm about to turn the tables. You're about to see something you've never seen before in the music industry."And as I was sitting there listening to that hum in that sandwich shop today, waiting on my sandwich, I was humming it and I could feel the anointing.
And the Lord said, "I'm going to impart giftings of worship on people who are looking for them, Brandon."So if you have a heart for worship, if you have a heart to praise our Father, there are impartations of giftings of heavenly sound coming to the body of Christ.
And it started today. The Lord showed me; I want you to have an expectation for these gifts, to ask the Father, "Give me the heavenly sounds.
Give me the heavenly worship so I can worship You greater."Not so I can have a Dove Award, or have my name in black and white all over the place where they say, "Well, he's number one in the charts,"but just to give You glory.
Talent brings those things, but the anointing, I'm telling you, breaks the yoke.
Heavenly sounds and heavenly worship are coming. But I saw an impartation for a great turnaround—a divine reversal. See, there are words I don't use.
That's why I ask Him all the time, "Who talks that way?"because I ask, "What is a divine reversal?"I even write these things out.
The Lord said, "A divine reversal is coming."I'm changing the status quo.
I have to go and Google it because I have no idea what He's saying because I don't talk that way.
I'm such a country boy. But I hear it and Braden goes, "What?"and writes it down.
And so, we have to take time to study what the Lord is saying. But I want you to be encouraged tonight.
If you have a heart for worship, there are heavenly sounds coming.
Catch it! Pull it out of the spirit realm and bring it into the natural.
Have your catcher's mitts on. I was humming a tune I've never heard before; the tune was heavenly.
And the girl with pink hair was listening. I got in the car and told Braden, "Get the recorder out.
I have a tune humming out of the throne."I was humming this tune—I don't know what the words were, but it was heavenly to me. I could see the hum had glory on it.
The Lord said, "There will be more; there are more sounds."So, I've said enough about that, but it went alongside what we prayed about last night concerning Katy Perry.
I believe that God is about to do something with that woman and with others, where people who were in the dark turn to the light and use their gifts and talents for Jesus.
That's the whole purpose—giving all the glory to Jesus and telling of His wonderful love. Thank you, Jesus.
I got excited about it and wanted to tell you this afternoon when I got my lunch, but I thought I'd wait and let it marinate for a little bit and pray over it.
I've had time to think and it's late now. I told Braden I should have done it back then because I felt the anointing on it when I was hearing it for the first time.
I want you to have an expectation to catch it. It's all about intimacy with the Father in worship.
I sing these songs and spend time with Him; it's all about sitting at His feet and bringing people into a place of worship so that they can sit at His feet.
In His presence, there's fullness of joy and fullness of peace.
Every time I go to the healing services... Bruce and Lisa—thank you, son."Good job.
Bruce and Lisa will sing, and all of a sudden the glory comes in, and Lisa is anointed.
When you hear somebody who has a gift that is anointed, it changes the atmosphere.
There's something about it: heavenly sounds versus somebody who has a gift that's polished for Jesus.
That's what the Lord was saying: "I'm bringing those gifts on the people."I said, "I receive one.
Anoint me in another capacity to help you with worship, Lord."I know I never will do a record deal; I don't care about all that.
You can feel it. When praises go up, blessings come down. The blessing is a flow of the glory in the atmosphere to change things.
That's why I love the blessing song Kari Jobe sings. I wanted to encourage you all today because there are some of you that are really into music like me.
I listen to music all day. I love music. I love to hear Kim Clement's old music when he's singing prophetically at his piano, and he plays those sounds. He can hit a certain key on his piano, and it just pulls me in.
I'll even tell Braden, "I want you to get a loop, and I want you to play that sound throughout the house continually."I want it played throughout the house on our little speaker; I want to listen to it and put it on a loop because certain frequencies and certain sounds bring certain levels of the glory.
It's by worship. If you want to get yourself right into the throne room, it's by worship.
But there are certain frequencies of sound that bring in that presence.
Even whenever Sister Billie, remember when we were at the Prayer Mountain Assembly, they were singing a phrase about the glory.
As this certain sound was coming, you could feel the glory fill the atmosphere.
I said, "My goodness, all kinds of frequencies of sounds, the way He created us."God is a God of music, worship, and praise. And there are sounds—heavenly sounds.
I'm telling you by the spirit of God, there's a level of worship that we've never seen before for this next end-time glorious church.
There's another level of sound, keys on the piano, symphonies, and beautiful things from the throne room that will bring us into that level because we're all talking about the glory.
We're talking about the former and the latter rain and the next Azusa Street revival, not just in one place, but sporadically all throughout the world.
The Lord said, "I'm getting the sounds ready for that revival and this next outpouring, for it will be sustained through worship."Do you want to change?
Do you want to have the glory? Do you want to see what we're about to see? It will come through worship and praise.
We're wanting to see arms and legs and people's lives changed from glory to glory.
He's changing us, but it will come through worship, ladies and gentlemen.
I'm telling you, the Lord said as of today, "I am distributing all the gifts for worship for this revival that's about to take place to make sure it stays in the atmosphere because that is how it changes."Just like I'm talking about Bruce and Lisa, when you're in the healing service of Billie Burke and you see these things and the glory comes in, it comes through the worship.
I believe in miracles. Kathryn Kuhlman and the others—it all went through worship with Dino. I'm just trying to tell you what I'm saying.
A lot of people ask, "What does it take to get over there?"When I hear Kim Clement and he plays on the piano, it's certain notes and sounds coming.
Catch them; you'll birth them out of prayer. What happens in the spirit will happen in the natural, but you have to birth it through prayer and fellowship with Him, sitting at His feet. The Lord said, "There's intimacy, Brandon. Do you see it?
There's worship and heavenly sounds that you know not of, found by sitting at My feet."There's so much distraction and so many things that preoccupy our attention—our phones, social media—but there is a place in God with this worship that changes the atmosphere so that healings will manifest like we're asking for: the legs, arms, backs, and deliverances where demons flee.
It's bringing Him into the atmosphere. He is beautiful beyond description, too marvelous for words, too wonderful for comprehension, like nothing ever seen or heard.
Who can grasp Your infinite wisdom? Who can fathom the depth of Your love?
You are beautiful beyond description; it changes the atmosphere. That's why it's about going into that throne room.
It was exciting for me to go over this with you because we're getting so close.
The music is laying the foundation for what's about to take place, and He's getting His church ready for the ones that are listening.
Catch it. Be a contender. That's the word He used with me all the time: "Be a contender.
Fight for it."Don't just sit there and have a lackadaisical attitude.
No, how bad do you want it and how bad are you going to fight for it?
I want the manifested presence of my Father in my house, in my car, and in my church.
When I go to the grocery store, if I can hum a song in the sandwich shop, if He be lifted up, He'll draw all men unto Him.
We attract to deflect to decree, and we must decrease so that He may increase.
He gets all the praise and the glory; we don't get any. It's about Him and how wonderful He is. He's not going to share His glory with anyone.
But I want to tell you, if He's able to trust you with the heavenly sounds, you'll go into Walmart and be humming a song, and you'll have someone with pink hair looking at you, wondering what that noise is.
It's not obnoxious; it's a curiosity. They feel something because I felt the glory while I was thinking over a tune.
My little girl, Paisley, started humming it because she loves to sing.
She was humming the song the rest of the day, but I can't remember it now.
I need to get that down inside of me more, but it is what it is. Glory to God is what I'm trying to tell you.
Isn't Jesus wonderful? It's all about intimacy with Him. I want you to get excited about what's coming: it's not church as usual, it's church unusual.
We're about to see something we've only dreamed of—the overflow of the glorious church—and we're going to see souls saved beyond anyone's comprehension.
It's about Jesus. So I hope that blessed you, that part of it.
I don't know, how long was that, Braden? Where are you going, son?
You're my standby. I don't have Mama here again tonight. 30?
30. See, I didn't do too bad. I'm trying to keep it short because you all want to go to bed.
I'm sure some of y'all are like, 'Well, Brandon, you're coming on way too late.'I'm like, 'Well, this is when I have time to do it and it's quiet in the house.'I was so excited about these books.
I told Braden I wanted him to read these with me because I got this 'In Him'book by Kenneth E.
Hagin. I look for little pocket reads, things that keep me stirred up.
You know, I don't depend on everybody else to try to stir me up.
I fight for it. Like, how bad do you want it? Are you a contender?
Are you a fighter? How bad do you want this to take the land for Jesus?
To be the next generation, to be the closers. He said, 'You're built for pressure.
This next generation is built for pressure.'This next generation is built for pressure.
You are the closers, and a lot of the elders would start to go home.
And Braden, I'm raising up a new generation to take the baton right now. And now He's talking about heavenly worship.
So let's take communion and we'll pray together tonight, and we will spend time with the Lord for a minute.
Father, we thank You, Lord, for the body that was broken for us.
We thank You, Lord, for all that You've done for us. And I thank You for the heavenly worship.
I thank You for Your heavenly worship, Your heavenly praise, for the glorious church will rise.
Father, that we will see things that no generation has ever seen before. Father, as Your closers, You saved the best for last.
We will see things that the church of any generation—we will see things that the church has never seen before.
We will hear sounds in the glory that have never been heard before.
We will taste, we will experience things that no church, no generation has ever experienced before.
The great tent revivals, the 80s, the 90s. Father, You visited the church.
You had amazing things for us. And I thank You. You've called us and You've chosen us for such a time as this.
And we worship You. We worship You, Father. We give You praise and we give You glory, Lord.
The presence, and we make much of the blood, and the blood makes much of us.
We apply the blood over us and we thank the Lord for the blood.
We thank the Lord for the blood. You walk in victory and we apply the blood.